How did you tell? It's okay for us to get off the bus.
Your accomplice. The shoe-toothed boss just got out of the car.
It's not obvious enough that the car exploded both at once and twice.
But when the murderer comes, Boss Ma will not let him get out of the car.
Who wants to kill Boss Ma?
One bomb, but two more are needed to kill a single person.
As for who is looking for Boss Ma?
This is something we want to investigate.
I paid you to investigate
I almost collapsed
He is the boss of Hengsheng Group
I can't afford to throw it away. I can't afford to hide it. I'm throwing it away.
Then I have to go to No. 3 Elementary School
Go ask you about Wu Tiantian, right?
You and I have forgotten about this. Come on.
Coming out soon
Go and take a look
Is anyone following us Haochener?
Our Tiedang is really missing, right?
If you get angry, he will come running over.
Is there something wrong?
I'm far away from groupthink
Easier and faster for you
You want to give it to me for free?
as long as you tell me
When Wu Tiantian had a fever
Who sent Wu Tiantian to the hospital?
Which hospital were you sent to?
What do you think this is for?
Then leave it alone
I avoid this idea of ​​disintegration
It's definitely beneficial for you to be called Ping, but you didn't say it
If it's not me, I can leave
Wu Tiantian’s class master Zhao Feifei
First, he was sent to a nearby hospital.
Later God transferred him to Tianji Hospital